---
page_title: "appdynamicscloud_access_client_app Resource - terraform-provider-appdynamicscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appdynamicscloud_access_client_app (Resource)


~> **Note:** Service Principals cannot be managed by the credentials
of another service principal. you need to sign in through your user credentials
by login mode browser or headless in order to use this resource.

~> **Note:** If you rotate and revoke secret at the same time, it will first perform
the revoke operation and then rotate it.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "appdynamicscloud_access_client_app" "example" {
  display_name = "AppDGrafanaPlugin "
  description  = "This Service principal can be used for authentication which help to connect AppD cloud to grafana"
  auth_type    = "client_secret_basic"

  rotate_secret             = "12/20/2022"
  revoke_previous_secret_in = "3D"
  revoked_all_previous_at   = "12/29/2022"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_type` (String) Supported authentication methods used to request oAuth tokens: `client_secret_basic` - The client credentials will be sent in the authorization header `client_secret_post` - The client credentials will be sent in the request body.
- `description` (String) A user provided description of the client.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the client.

### Optional

- `revoke_previous_secret_in` (String) Time duration of how long the previous secret should be active for. Acceptable values are `NOW`, `1D`, `3D`, `7D` and `30D`. Must be set when rotating a secret with rotate_secret.
- `revoked_all_previous_at` (String) Revokes all the rotated client secrets of the specified client. The value must be in the format of `mm/dd/yyyy`, ideally the date at which all the secrets were revoked.
- `rotate_secret` (String) Rotates the client secret of the specified service client. The input must be of `mm/dd/yyyy`. Not necessarily a valid date but ideally should be the date at which the secret is being rotated.

### Read-Only

- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client's secret, used to authenticate during an oAuth token request
- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the client was created
- `has_rotated_secrets` (Boolean) Indicates if the client has rotated secrets. Rotated client secrets can be revoked.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `rotated_secret_expires_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the rotated client secret will expire.
- `updated_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp when the client was last updated.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import appdynamicscloud_access_client_app.example <client-id>
```