---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appdynamicscloud_connection_azure Resource - terraform-provider-appdynamicscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appdynamicscloud_connection_azure (Resource)

Supported [Services](#table--services) are listed below.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "appdynamicscloud_connection_azure" "example" {
  display_name = "Azure Dev"
  description  = "Description for this Azure connection"
  state        = "ACTIVE"

  connection_details {
    client_id       = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"
    client_secret   = ""
    tenant_id       = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"
    subscription_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"
  }

  configuration_details {
    import_tags {
      enabled       = true
      excluded_keys = ["key1", "key2"]
    }
    tag_filter      = "(tags(env) = 'prod' || tags(env) = 'production')) && tags(project) = 'cloudcollectors'"
    regions         = ["eastus", "westus"]
    resource_groups = ["resourceGroup1", "resourceGroup2", "resourceGroup3"]
    polling {
      interval = 5
      unit     = "minute"
    }

    services {
      name = "vm"
      import_tags {
        enabled       = false
        excluded_keys = []
      }
      tag_filter = "tags(project) = 'cloudcollectors' && tags(jira) IN ['XTNSBL','ACE'] && !(tags(region) IN ['US','IN']) && HAS tags(monitorEnabled) && !(HAS tags(restrictedUse)"
      polling {
        interval = 5
        unit     = "minute"
      }
    }
    services {
      name = "disk"
      import_tags {
        enabled       = true
        excluded_keys = ["key1", "key2"]
      }
      polling {
        interval = 5
        unit     = "minute"
      }
      tag_filter = "tags(project) = 'cloudcollectors' && tags(jira) IN ['XTNSBL','ACE'] && !(tags(region) IN ['US','IN']) && HAS tags(monitorEnabled) && !(HAS tags(restrictedUse)"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_details` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connection_details))
- `display_name` (String) Name of the connection or configuration

### Optional

- `configuration_details` (Block List, Max: 1) The Configuration Details for the Connection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration_details))
- `description` (String) Description for this connection or configuration
- `state` (String) Connection state. Value which can be given: [ "ACTIVE", "INACTIVE" ]. All possible values: [ "INACTIVE", "ACTIVE", "PENDING CONFIGURATION", "INCOMPLETE", "CONFIGURED", "INSUFFICIENT LICENSE", "ERROR", "WARNING", "CRITICAL" ]

### Read-Only

- `configuration_details_service_default` (Boolean) Whether default services are present in configuration details
- `configuration_id` (String) The Configuration ID of the Connection
- `created_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `state_message` (String) Connection state message
- `updated_at` (String) The RFC3339 timestamp

<a id="nestedblock--connection_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_details`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Client IDs, also known as Application IDs, are long-term credentials for an Azure user, or account root user. The Client ID is one of three properties needed to authenticate to Azure, the other two being Client Secret and Tenant (Directory) ID
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A Client Secret allows an Azure application to provide its identity when requesting an access token. The Client Secret is one of three properties needed to authenticate to Azure, the other two being Client ID (Application ID) and Tenant (Directory) ID
- `subscription_id` (String) Specify a GUID Subscription ID to monitor. If monitoring all subscriptions, do not specify a Subscription ID.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure AD Tenant (Directory) IDis one of three properties needed to authenticate to Azure. The other two are Client Secret and Client ID (Application ID).


<a id="nestedblock--configuration_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_details`

Optional:

- `import_tags` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for importing tags of resources that are being monitored (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration_details--import_tags))
- `polling` (Block List, Max: 1) How often the selected connection is polled for information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration_details--polling))
- `regions` (Set of String) Geographic locations used to fetch metrics
- `resource_groups` (List of String) Azure Resource groups used to fetch metrics
- `services` (Block Set) Services for which we will fetch metrics (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration_details--services))
- `tag_filter` (String) Expression for filtering resources to be monitored, based on tags. Example: (tags(env) = 'prod' || tags(env) = 'production')) && tags(project) = 'cloudcollectors'

<a id="nestedblock--configuration_details--import_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_details.import_tags`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) It is true by default. Tags will be imported for all the resources that are being monitored by default
- `excluded_keys` (List of String) Array of tag keys that need to be excluded from being imported. It can be set only when enabled is true


<a id="nestedblock--configuration_details--polling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_details.polling`

Optional:

- `interval` (Number) The default polling interval is five (5) minutes
- `unit` (String) The unit of polling interval, currently only support 'minute'. Defaults to the same


<a id="nestedblock--configuration_details--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_details.services`

Required:

- `name` (String) Service name for which we will fetch metrics

Optional:

- `import_tags` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for importing tags of resources that are being monitored (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration_details--services--import_tags))
- `polling` (Block List, Max: 1) How often the selected connection is polled for information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration_details--services--polling))
- `tag_filter` (String) Expression for filtering resources to be monitored, based on tags. Example: (tags(env) = 'prod' || tags(env) = 'production')) && tags(project) = 'cloudcollectors'

<a id="nestedblock--configuration_details--services--import_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_details.services.import_tags`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) It is true by default. Tags will be imported for all the resources that are being monitored by default
- `excluded_keys` (List of String) Array of tag keys that need to be excluded from being imported. It can be set only when enabled is true


<a id="nestedblock--configuration_details--services--polling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration_details.services.polling`

Optional:

- `interval` (Number) The default polling interval is five (5) minutes
- `unit` (String) The unit of polling interval, currently only support 'minute'. Defaults to the same

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import appdynamicscloud_connection_azure.example <connection-id>
```


<a id="table--services"></a>
### Azure Services
| Display Name                 | ID         |
|------------------------------|------------|
| Azure Virtual Machine        | vm         |
| Azure Load Balancer          | lb         |
| Azure Disk Storage           | disk       |
| Azure Database for PostgreSQL| postgresql |
| Azure SQL Database  | sql |