---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appdynamicscloud_connection_aws Resource - terraform-provider-appdynamicscloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appdynamicscloud_connection_aws (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "appdynamicscloud_connection_aws" "example_role_delegation" {
  display_name     = "AWS Dev"
  description      = "Description for this AWS role delegation connection"
  configuration_id = "7c8c01e3-dc9a-4e7e-a536-7240c62af801"
  state            = "ACTIVE"
  details {
    access_type = "role_delegation"
    account_id  = "258762700219"
  }

  # Role Delegation
  # details {
  #   access_type       = "role_delegation"
  #   access_key_id     = "something"
  #   secret_access_key = "something"
  # }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `details` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--details))
- `display_name` (String) Name of the connection or configuration

### Optional

- `configuration_id` (String)
- `description` (String) Description for this connection or configuration
- `state` (String) Connection state

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `state_message` (String) Connection state message
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details`

Required:

- `access_type` (String) Connection type discriminator

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String) AWS Access keys are long-term credentials for an AWS IAM user, or account root user. The access key ID is one of two access keys needed to authenticate to AWS. The other is a secret access key. You need access keys to make programmatic calls using the AWS CLI, AWS Tools, or PowerShell.
- `account_id` (String)
- `secret_access_key` (String) The secret access key is one of two access keys needed to authenticate to AWS. The other is an access key ID. The secret access key is only available once, when you create it. Download the generated secret access key and save in a secure location. If the secret access key is lost or deleted, you must create a new one. You need access keys to make programmatic calls using the AWS CLI, AWS Tools, or PowerShell.

Read-Only:

- `appdynamics_aws_account_id` (String) AppDynamics AWS Account ID. Delegates a user to an Identity Access Management (IAM) role in AWS. The AWS IAM role provides AppDynamics access to resources.
							https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html
- `external_id` (String) Returns an external ID for AWS role delegation connections 
							https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html
- `role_name` (String)


